towards the end of the war Sara you
managed to escape from a Japanese is
prisoner of war camp yes that's right um
our troller Bound for K though the
troller never in fact reached qua LPA
did it no never mind it no the um SAR
read his ugly head and we became calmed
and after a few days we're weak from
lack of food and we decided the only
thing to do was for one of us to be
killed and eaten by the others how did
you decide who to kill what did you draw
Lots H did you draw lots lots oh yes yes
I yes I drew a great deal I still do not
particularly good at it but it's
relaxing more of a hobby than anything
else no I meant uh just little sketches
sketches little things like that but in
the situation on the troller when you
had to kill these men did you draw Lots
yes I've just said I I drew all the time
now I mean did you draw straws no I've
never drawn a straw draw very easy to
draw as well you come to think of it but
not very attractive and quite honestly
when you're sitting around on the point
of murdering a fellow passenger I don't
think it would have been really tful to
do that Bes I can't really see the point
in producing a a drawing of a straw
however lifelike can't say it's selling
very well I mean it's it's hardly a
Gypsy Woman of a tear is
it Andy Warhill might have U might have
exhibited a straw in a can of Coke I
how did you decide which man to kill
well not by sitting around doodling I
can tell you that I mean oh I see oh yes
um well a group of us got together in
the in the stern and decided to U gang
up on Davidson and one of was um
Pickering I think it was said
um he prefer it to be done fairly Dan
Fairley yes Jimmy Dan Fairley he was the
quartermaster of great buddies with
Penrose that would be uh Chief Betty
officer Penrose yes Jimmy done fairly
and chalky Penrose how were the men
killed incidentally no they
decided that rather than one of us being
discussed and then eaten why didn't we
all um chip in a toe rival one was
tremendously relieved at that idea yes I
can imagine you see because the street
grings for some genetic reasons have
been uh blessed with 14 toes so
obviously couple missing here or there
probably saved me a fortune in later
years not having to have it done
cosmetically on the national health so
really a Heaven's hand opportunity to
get rid of some toes and have a jolly
nice meal into the bargain how are they
cooked the toes well we tried with the
idea of cabbing them but uh eventually
we settled on a stew sort of coule seem
to be the best way because aesthetically
speaking a load of toes on a stick is
food it was discovered later wasn't it
by Penrose I think who went to your
locker that you'd be eating sandwiches
that you'd kept for
yourself yes um I uh I kept a whole
stock of food in my locker pen was
Furious but luckily I was a lot quicker
than him because he didn't have enough
toes to balance properly and he could
scarcely move bod so I trapped him and
ate as much of him as I could on the
spot and then made the rest of him into
sandwiches which I put back in the
locker let me say right away I'm I'm not
in favor of cannibalism I've got nothing
against it mind I just take no position
on cannibalism but when they're stuck in
the sarasa SE with nothing to eat apart
from a cupboard full of food the Mind
plays strange
tricks when you got back to England did
you ever see any of these people again
yes I saw fairly at the uh in on the
park at a convention for petty officers
did he say anything to you at that time
time no I asked about his foot and I
thought he looked at me in a rather
way have you never worried that one of
the men from your past might catch up
with you a man who has no enemies has no
friends that's always been my view but
you have no friends either do
you I don't mix easily I don't know it's
a stre gribling tray combination of uh
shyness and uh
violence which makes it difficult for us
to form uh lasting
attachments so Arthur the gift you've
chosen tonight is six geese a lane now
why that well I don't know about you but
Arthur oh thank you um I've got some uh
